This is an open-source template for DJing with Ableton Live 8 with an Akai APC40. You are welcome to do whatever you want with it: perform, distribute, modify, etc.

IMPORTANT: A video explaining how this template works and how it can be used can be found at http://www.vimeo.com/6993740

Watch it before doing anything else!

This template requires the full version of Ableton Live 8. It is best to upgrade to the latest version (currently 8.1), as there are stability issues with previous versions.

The template by default requires an Akai APC40. Additionally, it makes use of a number of functions provided by the NativeKontrol apC-CL2+TC2 template, which you can purchase at http://www.nativekontrol.com/nativeKONTROL_apC_Series.html. This is not required, but is definitely helpful.

If you don't own an APC, you could readily map this template to whatever controller you have.

If you have any issues getting this working, feel free to drop me a message.

TouchOSC Template:
  Packaged inside this template is a directory called TouchOSCTemplate. This contains all the files you will need
  to add a TouchOSC control surface to your DJ setup, using your iPhone or iPod Touch.
  
  You will need a copy of the latest beta of Osculator. To acquire this, 
  email Camille Troillard at camille at osculator dot net and ask for the beta with string support.
  
  Additionally, you will a copy of TouchOSC from the iTunes Store, and to install a copy of LiveOSC inside your
  Ableton User Remote Scripts folder (this is inside the Live.app bundle on a Mac).
  
  I will write a step-by-step guide to configuring this setup for non-technical users when I get time.
  
  IMPORTANT NOTE: To achieve compatibility, many of the controls on the TouchOSC template use the same MIDI CC
  and channel as the APC40: which allows the APC40 and TouchOSC to remain synced and control the same objects in
  Ableton. If you map this template to a different hardware controller, you will need to edit the MIDI CCs inside
  Osculator to behave as you would like.
